bazel: add page (#8694)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/bazel.md

# bazel

> Open-source build and test tool similar to Make, Maven, and Gradle.
> More information: <https://bazel.build/reference/command-line-reference>.

> - Show available commands and usage:

Reviewer: Can you move this `help` command to last?

Author: Done.

> - Build the specified targets in the workspace:

Reviewer 2: which targets? :thinking:

Author: Good spot, updated command.

> `bazel version`

Reviewer 3: Please move this to the bottom and change the description to be

```
- Display version:
```

> - Remove output files and optionally stop the server:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this better
```suggestion
- Remove output files and stop the server if running:
```

`bazel info`

> - Print version information for bazel:

Reviewer: Same here too, You can place it in last above `help` command.

`bazel clean`

- Stop the bazel server:

`bazel shutdown`

- Display runtime info about the bazel server:

`bazel info`

> - Show available commands and usage:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Display help:
```
